##################################################################################################
#                                                                                                #
#                                  Breakout Tool Instructions                                    #
#                                                                                                #
##################################################################################################
                                                                                                  
################################                                                                  
#### What you need to know: ####                                                                  
################################                                                                  
                                                                                                  
    The breakout tool is a stand alone tool that will gather all shot data for a given list of    
shots and sequences and then create new blender files for each shot that have updated links to the
published assets, as well as high res assets, and have been cleaned of an junk that is left in the
scene by the last department.                                                                     
    The breakout tool is only to be used once each shot that is set for breakout has been checked 
by the 'Integrity Checker', and all objects in each shot have been cleaned up, and unlinked assets
are put in the 'grp.stuff' group.                                                                 
    The beakout tool will always create a new directory in C:\Temp, provided you do not already   
have such a directory. The directory will be titled 'breakout_tool_data' and will contain three   
sub directories; 'error_logs', 'asset_logs', 'blender_files'. The tool will also create a .txt    
file called 'breakout_log' from which the tool will read froml, provided the file does not already
exist. If the directories or the 'breakout_log.txt' already exist, the tool will not overwrite    
them.                                                                                             
                                                                                                  
                                                                                                  
##############################                                                                    
#### How to use the tool: ####                                                                    
##############################                                                                    
                                                                                                  
    The breakout tool requires the above stated 'breakout_log.txt', in order to run. If this is   
your first time using the tool, or you do not have the 'breakout_log.txt' in the directory        
'C:\Temp\breakout_tool_data', please start at step 1. If you have run the breakout tool, proceed  
to step 3, otherwise start at step 1.                                                             
                                                                                                  
Step 1: Reinstall Pipeline:                                                                       
    Double click the 'Install Pipeline' shortcut on your desktop. This will reinstall pipeline on 
your computer, so you should ensure that you have saved and clased any blender files.             
                                                                                                  
Step 2: Run Breakout Tool:                                                                        
    Double click the 'breakout_launcher.bat' application in C:\pipeline\non_client\breakout. This 
will open a command prompt. Press 'n' and then press 'ENTER' twice.                               
                                                                                                  
Step 3: Check Breakout Log:                                                                       
    Open the file 'breakout_log.txt' in the directory 'C:\Temp\breakout_tool_data', and ensure    
that the files that you want to breakout are listed in the file. The format for the file is to    
have the first line of the file being 'file=' the file path to the master (sequence) file,        
followed by each line having one shot in that master that is to be broken out. If multiple        
sequences are to be broken out follow the above format below the last entry of the first sequence.
NOTE: Do not leave blank lines between groups of sequence/shots.                                  
                                                                                                  
Step 4: Running the tool                                                                          
    Double click the 'breakout_launcher.bat' application in C:\pipeline\non_client\breakout. This 
will open a command prompt. If the printed files in the prompt match the file list to breakout,   
press 'y' and then 'ENTER'. If they do not match, please press 'n' and 'ENTER', and return to     
step 3.                                                                                           
                                                                                                  
Step 5: Retrieve breakout:                                                                        
    Navigate to the directory 'C:\Temp\breakout_tool_data'. In this folder, the breakout files    
will reside in the 'blender_files' subfolder, named based on the scene names of the master file.  
If the names are confusing, please change then names in the master file and re-run the breakout.  
                                                                                                  
                                                                                    