##################################################################################################
#                                                                                                #
#                                 Integrity Checker Instructions                                 #
#                                    Stand Alone Tool Version                                    #
#                                                                                                #
##################################################################################################
                                                                                                  
################################                                                                  
#### What you need to know: ####                                                                  
################################                                                                  
                                                                                                  
    The integrity check tool is a stand alone tool that will gather all shot data for a given list
of sequences and then create error logs and asset lists for each sequence. The error logs that the
tool creates will indicate the current issues in the scene that would prevent the breakout from   
working properly. If there are no errors in a given shot of a given sequence, the log will show   
the name of the shot, with nothing below, followed by the next shot in the sequence. If there are 
errors for a shot that is suposed to be broken out, please return the sequence to the department  
that created it, so that they can fix the issues in the sequence.                                 
    The integrity check tool is only to be used if the user wishes to check every shot in a       
sequence or set of sequences, and if the shots in each sequence are named correctly. Failure to   
follow these guidlines will result in imperfect results, such as miss-named logs.                 
    The integrity checker tool will always create a new directory in C:\Temp, provided you do not 
already have such a directory. The directory will be titled 'breakout_tool_data' and will contain 
three sub directories; 'error_logs', 'asset_logs', 'blender_files'. The tool will also create a   
'.txt' file called 'breakout_log' from which the tool will read from, provided the file does not  
already exist. If the directories or the 'breakout_log.txt' already exist, the tool will not      
overwrite them.                                                                                   
                                                                                                  
                                                                                                  
##############################                                                                    
#### How to use the tool: ####                                                                    
##############################                                                                    
                                                                                                  
    The integrity check tool requires the above stated 'breakout_log.txt', in order to run. If    
this is your first time using the tool, or you do not have the 'breakout_log.txt' in the directory
'C:\Temp\breakout_tool_data', please start at step 1. If you have run the integrity check tool,   
proceed to step 3, otherwise start at step 1.                                                     
                                                                                                  
Step 1: Reinstall Pipeline:                                                                       
    Double click the 'Install Pipeline' shortcut on your desktop. This will reinstall pipeline on 
your computer, so you should ensure that you have saved and clased any blender files.             
                                                                                                  
Step 2: Run Integrity Check Tool:                                                                 
    Double click the 'check_launcher.bat' application in C:\pipeline\non_client\integrity_check.  
This will open a command prompt. Press 'n' and then press 'ENTER' twice.                          
                                                                                                  
Step 3: Check Breakout Log:                                                                       
    Open the file 'breakout_log.txt' in the directory 'C:\Temp\breakout_tool_data', and ensure    
that the files that you want to breakout are listed in the file. The format for the file is to    
have each of the sequences that you want to check on a separate line. each sequence should be     
listed as 'file=' and then the path to the sequence master file that is to be reviewed.           
NOTE: Do not leave blank lines between sequences.                                                 
                                                                                                  
Step 4: Running the tool                                                                          
    Double click the 'check_launcher.bat' application in C:\pipeline\non_client\integrity_check.  
This will open a command prompt. If the printed files in the prompt match the file list to check, 
press 'y' and then 'ENTER'. If they do not match, please press 'n' and 'ENTER', and return to     
step 3.                                                                                           
                                                                                                  
Step 5: Retrieve the logs:                                                                        
    Navigate to the directory 'C:\Temp\breakout_tool_data'. In this folder, the error logs will   
reside in the 'error_logs' subfolder, named based on the scene names of the master file, and the  
asset logs will reside in the 'error_logs' subfolder, named based on the scene names of the master
file. If the names are confusing, please change then names in the master file and re-run the check
                                                                                                  
                                                                                                  
                                                                                                  
##################################################################################################
#                                                                                                #
#                                Integrity Checker Instructions                                  #
#                                        Addon Version                                           #
#                                                                                                #
##################################################################################################
                                                                                                  
################################                                                                  
#### What you need to know: ####                                                                  
################################                                                                  
                                                                                                  
    The integrity checker addon is a blender addon that will gather error log data and asset lists
based on user input. The error logs that the addon creates will indicate the current issues in the
scene that would prevent the breakout from working properly. If there are no errors in a given    
shot of a given sequence, the log will show the name of the shot, with nothing below, followed by 
the next shot in the sequence. If there are errors for a shot that is suposed to be broken out,   
please return the sequence to the department that created it, so that they can fix the issues in  
the sequence.                                                                                     
    The integrity check addon is only to be used from inside of blender, and only if the user has 
already saved their work. Additionally, the shots in each sequence must be named correctly.       
Failure to follow these guidlines will result in imperfect results, such as miss-named logs.      
    The integrity checker addon will always create a new directory in C:\Temp, provided you do not
already have such a directory. The directory will be titled 'breakout_tool_data' and will contain 
three sub directories; 'error_logs', 'asset_logs', 'blender_files'. The addon will, on run, pull  
the newly created error logs and asset lists directly into blender and present them to the user.  
                                                                                                  
                                                                                                  
###############################                                                                   
#### How to use the addon: ####                                                                   
###############################                                                                   
                                                                                                  
Step 1: Reinstall Pipeline:                                                                       
    Double click the 'Install Pipeline' shortcut on your desktop. This will reinstall pipeline on 
your computer, so you should ensure that you have saved and clased any blender files, and that    
blender is not open.                                                                              
                                                                                                  
Step 2: Open the file that you wish to check:                                                     
    Open blender and either append one or more shots that you wish to check, or open the master   
file of the sequence that you wish to check.                                                      
                                                                                                  
Step 3: Ensure that the addon is enabled:                                                         
    Press 'File', 'User Prefrences...'. This should open a new window titled 'Blender User        
Prefrences'. In this new window, press the 'Add-ons' tab, then under 'Tangent' on the left        
navigation bar, select 'Tangent: Tangent: Integriy Checker', and check the check-box. You can now 
save the user settings by clicking 'Save User Settings' at the bottom of the window, and close the
window, or just close the window by pressing the 'X' at the top right of the window. This should  
result in you being back at the orginal window of your blender file.                              
                                                                                                  
Step 4: Running the tool                                                                          
    When you want to run the integrity checker, open the '3D View', and the 'Tools' panel on the  
left of the '3D View' panel or window. Select the 'Tangent' tab, and then the 'Integrity Checker' 
drop down menu. Once the menu is visalbe, you should have two button options. The first is 'Check 
Current Shot'. If you press this button, the addon will check the integrity of just the current   
shot, and print the results in the '3D view' panel or window. If you select the second options,   
'Check All Shots', the addon will check the integrity of all the shots in the current '.blend'    
file, and print the results on the '3D View'.                                                     
                                                                                                  
Step 5: View the logs:                                                                        
    All the logs for the Checks that you run inside of blender should be stored in the 'Text      
Editor' panel of the '.blend' file that you ran the check in. If you wish to find the generated   
logs, proceed to step 6.                                                                          
                                                                                                  
Step 5: Retrieve the logs:                                                                        
    Navigate to the directory 'C:\Temp\breakout_tool_data'. In this folder, the error logs will   
reside in the 'error_logs' subfolder, named based on the scene names of the master file, and the  
asset logs will reside in the 'error_logs' subfolder, named based on the scene names of the master
file. If the names are confusing, please change then names in the master file and re-run the check